Update readme.md and the Tables module docs (#1)
DevExpress/devextreme-quill: docs/modules/table.md

#### insertTable

> Adds a table into the current selection range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a table to the current selection range.
```

#### insertRow

> Adds a row above or below the current text cursor position. The position of the row depends on the `offset` parameter value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a row above or below the cursor's position. The position of the row depends on the `offset` parameter value.
```

**Examples**

```js

> quill.table.insertRow(1); // inserts row below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertRow(1); // inserts a row below
```

> quill.table.insertRow(0); // inserts row above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertRow(0); // inserts a row above
```

> quill.table.insertRow(-3); // inserts a row above 3 rows from the current position

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertRow(-3); // inserts a row 3 rows above the current position
```

> quill.table.insertRow(3); // inserts a row below 2 rows from the current position

Reviewer 2: The commands states 3, but the text says 2. So which is it? I use 3 in my suggestion.

```suggestion
quill.table.insertRow(3); // inserts a row 3 rows below the current position
```

#### insertRowBelow

> Adds a row below the current text cursor position.

Reviewer: Same here

#### insertColumn

> Adds a column to the left or right of the current text cursor position. The position of the column depends on the `offset` parameter value.

Reviewer: Same here

**Methods**

```js

> quill.table.insertColumn(1); // inserts row to the right

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertColumn(1); // inserts a column to the right
```

quill.table.insertColumn(0); // insert row to the left

> quill.table.insertColumn(-3); // insert a column after 3 columns to the left from the current position

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertColumn(-3); // insert a column 3 columns before the current position
```

> quill.table.insertColumn(0); // inserts row to the left

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quill.table.insertColumn(0); // inserts a column to the left
```

> quill.table.insertColumn(3); // insert a column after 2 columns to the right from the current position

Reviewer 2: The same question here.

```suggestion
quill.table.insertColumn(3); // insert a column 3 columns after the current position
```

#### deleteTable

> Deletes the table at the current selection range.

Reviewer: Why do you need to add 'current' everywhere? Do you need to highlight the difference between a previous selection?

Author: There's an important thing. Quill operates with lots of selection ranges simultaneously, and users should understand that in this case the table will be deleted at the range that is declared inside this function.

Author: @DokaRus What's your opinion? Is it important that we highlight that it is the current range or we can just leave 'at the selection range'?

Reviewer 3: 'at the selection range' LGTM
